2023-07-08
----------

I was working on migrating to the new version of the map patch. Files as is currently should work but I haven't tested. I also already checked the graphics imports to make sure they work. I should probably comment out the graphics .bin files in the source so that they don't overwrite anything custom when I patch the rom.

next steps: look for that guide about unused graphics, then look at the pause menu graphics and see if there's anything I can easily free up. I want to relocate the tiles to leave a tidy space for map graphics but if I can't it's probably fine to spread them around a bit


2023-07-09
----------

Messed around with asm experimenting for Rapid-Fire Missiles upgrade. I checked if it was possible to increase the max number of projectiles but that requires updating too much code.

Added code for vertical impulses while in air and that seems to work ok. Horizontal impulses seem to be impossible unfortunately. :(

next steps: decide if I want to keep this upgrade or not, I should probably drop it, the implementation work to make it handle better seems daunting. I think I want to focus on the level design aspect of the hack instead.


2023-07-11
----------

Spent a lot of time brainfogging, but eventually got some stuff done! Applied updated Map Overhaul patch to project, and it seemed to be working ok. That's commited.

I finally understood what the TileRemapping.asm file was talking about and started working on moving and updating tilemaps for it, but got stuck on lack of a good tilemap editor for the SNES format. M1TE unfortunately doesn't support Priority :(. Tilemap Studio seems to work but it can't import the SNES graphics properly. I converted the tilesets to PNG using YY-CHR and was able to edit them in Tilemap Studio!

next steps: Have to update the help text that shows at the bottom of the load game screen. The tile remapping doc has some info about that. Then I can free up the now-unused space and start drawing my map tiles! :D


2023-07-13
----------

Apparently the hexmap doesn't load the area I moved the UI tiles to. I'm moving them back up (only necessary ones) to circumvent the issue.

It's done! Everything is remapped properly. Now I just need to get tiling and making rooms! :D I drew some maptiles, but I need to figure out my map layout properly again to see what I'll need.

next steps: Start sketching out rooms.


2023-07-15
----------

Sketched some rooms on paper. Blocked out already sketched rooms for early Move Lab. Learned how to work with up/dnscroll a bit and tweaked various rooms to be a better fit. Wrote patches to fix flicker during off-center door transitions and for exponential easing of door aligns. Updated Scrolling Sky patch to v1.5. Added Decompression optimization patch.

next steps: Rename existing rooms and do some commits. Block out early Explosive Lab rooms I sketched.